[Music]
this is good
I thought it fool why no I just gotta
find someone who can actually do this
for wild money you have built countless
you know him he works for us he's a
friend
we represent clients to do business with
them I want to look like I'm happy and
for faith I can I said it really related
can I say that I'm your uncle no good
morning bill
Norman Oppenheimer I have to leave this
is unacceptable
so I'll tell my partners that we had a
good conversation man what you do for a
living what do you mean I hope you get
it be my privilege to buy you these
shoes if they've issued I have to pay
scale and it was done is it okay yeah
enjoy can you see how your business
works I'm here if you ever need anything
feel free to call the practical we need
to raise approximately 14 million
dollars to save us from the wrecking
ball and is where our friend Norman
oppenheimer comes so Norman open I don't
know I don't know them very nice area
here again Iran China me you were
another table house yeah this is my
private home and whole can't just walk
in it and sit at my table can I
introduce you to an something you know
who he is right
don't waste my gosh no but this is
time-sensitive it's awful I'm not
following you Norman did you think that
or not why haven't you returned my phone
call why do I get the feeling but
nothing you tell me is wheel let's just
say get ready for a big surprise
[Music]
you're like a drowning man kind of wave
in an ocean high but I'm a good swimmer
yeah don't forget that something good
will happen trust me
[Music]